Nothing. I'm just a little chilly.
This is for distinguished guests
Why are you sitting here?
You're not gonna listen to me, are you?
Wait for the staff to chase you away.
Shame on you
Didn't you say the first row is for distinguished guests?
Kick this idle person out for me
Welcome.
The organizers have repeatedly explained
You are one of the most important guests
If we do anything snub
Please bear with me.
You don't have to entertain me
Go to work
Who are you?
Why are you sitting in the first row?
When you don't know someone's identity
That means you don't deserve to know
Are you mistaken?
You don't say
Is the first row made for distinguished guests?
He's just a bankrupt daughter's sidekick